# Final Project
## Game Design
### Plan
* The game will involve a player controlling a character to attack enemies spread out randomly throughout the randomly generated map. The player will need to navigate the map to find the enemies and attack them. Once a player has finished all the enemies on a map, they will progress to another level which will be more difficult. The player will have to navigate and attack all the players within a defined time limit. As the player progresses, the time limit will shrink. The game will essentially be navigating through a maze(generated by Game of Life?) and attacking enemies within a time limit. 
* The player will be controlled using point-and-click movement, they will have various attack options spread out amongst the number keys. Spacebar will act as an attack/fire button.
* The camera will be an overhead view, at an angle to the map(potentially top-down, testing needs to be done to see what's better)
* The visual style will be mostly flat colors and textures, similar to what Google Material Design looks like
* The interface will be similar to that of current point-and-click games(ex: League of Legands, Dota 2, Starcraft, etc.)
* Theme/Story: The main character is Hank Hill who sells propane and propane accessories. Hank's business is going down due to increased sales of his enemies. To fix this, Hank has taken matters into his own hands and will stop at nothing to sell more propane and propane accessories. Hank is attempting to navigate the wild maze of Arlen, Texas. Hank is going through this maze so that he can find his enemies, eliminate them, and sell more propane and propane accessories. In the maze, Hank will encounter his enemies: Charcoal, Butane, and Natural Gas.
#### Random Additions
* Hank will say quotes from the TV show
    * When a level is finished
    * When an enemy is killed
    * Random intervals throughout
* Explosions when enemies are dead
### Feature Set
#### Low Goal
* Player has multiple attack types, and has to attack enemies in the maze.
* Maze will be static(non-random)
* Enemies will be statically placed in the maze
#### Achievable Goal
* Maze is randomly generated
* Enemies are randomly placed in the maze
#### Stretch Goal
* Enemies will attack the player
* Enemies will move through the maze(path finding algorithm?)
* Enemy intelligence(movement and attacking) increases with each level

## Timeline
* Create UI, Create Title Screen, Create End Screen, Design Player, Design Enemies
    * Due: 11/18/2019 
* Create base map
    * Due: 11/21/2019
* Create character script, Create enemy script
    * Due: 11/25/2019
* Create map+enemy generator
    * Due: 11/28/2019
* Create enemy "AI"
    * Due: 12/12/2019